Give some more guidance around import-w3c-tests (#27)
WebKit/Documentation: docs/Infrastructure/ImportWPTTests.md

```
Tools/Scripts/import-w3c-tests web-platorm-tests/folder_to_import_here -l -s path_to_web_platform_tests
```

> Important: your checkout of WPT needs to be in a directory named `web-platform-tests` and the path should not include that directory. `import-w3c-tests` will unfortunately not complain if you got this wrong.

Reviewer: Could you explain which path you are referring to here "and the path should not include that directory".

> Important: your checkout of WPT needs to be in a directory named `web-platform-tests` and the path passed to `-s` should not include that directory. I.e., if your checkout is at `~/web-platform-tests` you pass `-s ~`. `import-w3c-tests` will unfortunately not complain if you got this wrong.

Reviewer 2: Maybe: 

```suggestion
Important: your checkout of WPT needs to be in a directory named `web-platform-tests` and the path passed to `-s` should not include that directory. I.e., if your checkout is at `~/web-platform-tests` you pass `-s ~`. `import-w3c-tests`. Unfortunately `import-w3c-tests` does not currently report an error if it can't find the path.
```

We should file a bug on WebKit itself to fix this... like, locally my folder is "~/dev/wpt" and I really would prefer not to rename it to "web-platform-tests".

Reviewer 3: You Only to do it once, and can get it to that name when you first clone. Maybe that should be in the instructions on how to clone instead

Reviewer 2: I get that, but when you clone directly from WPT it's also called "wpt" unless you explicitly alias it (i.e., this a webkit-ism... and not so great if you are just doing general "web work" or standards stuff)... maybe we should be asking for to create a symlink?
